that's a really pretty typical all
polish 304 stainless oh yeah I love the
304 absolutely so tell me how this cool
cuff works well the cool cuff is a
device that's in line that mixes cold
air with the hot exhaust coming out of
the DPF I suit and you know you've got
vents that our mixers and the cuff that
directs air into those vents okay what
we did was we put thermal couples in the
exhaust amount of stock truck all the
way along exactly and imagine this a
very hot exhaust gas coming out of the
diesel particulate filter you can see
how hot maybe 11 to around 1100 degrees
ok let's do in regen once it reaches the
cool cuff the outside air comes in and
mixes with that hot exhaust cooling it
down and we're measuring temperature six
inches out as well as right at the tip
and back at the DPF those thermal
couples including one on the spare tire
to make sure it doesn't get overheated
right gave us our bogie this stock
exhaust temperatures and we designed our
cool cuff system to actually beat those
temperatures we're colder while the rest
of the aftermarket is hundreds of
degrees hotter than stock hot enough
that if you hold a piece of cardboard
two feet from the exhaust tip it'll
catch on fire during the regen during
the regen process a foot away two feet
two feet away from the tail be exact why
would that exactly we didn't want to
produce anything like that from banks we
don't do that we're scientists ok so
that's the cool cuff how is it made well
it's we generated the shape of the air
inlets in the computer it's not just
stamped and then bent in riyadh so you
see we've got a unique shape here ok
then using this engineering die we bend
the men to the correct angle as dictated
in the computer design and of course all
this is validated by measuring in the
field right so then is an error stuff so
what happens if you put them in too
macho too much well then it doesn't work
right hi so this angle is critical ok
and the shape is critical so here you
see the device welded into the pipe and
then the cuff slides on and is facing
forward the air enters
flows into the exhaust stream out the
tip nice and cool great and I'm imagine
that your dual exhaust system is even
cooler than yeah yeah 40 or 50 degrees
cooler than the single exhaust is
amazing stuff